what's going on guys this is a blu-ray
unboxing of Willy Wonka and the
Chocolate Factory digibook I got this on
Amazon for $15 which is actually a very
very good deal because for some reason
this particular blu-ray whether it be
the special edition big long box set
that comes with a bunch of weird stuff
or the digi book or the keepcase version
they're all really incredibly expensive
for some reason I think this usually
retails on Amazon for $35 which is
incredibly outrageous but for some
reason I think they were overstocked
because no one was freaking buying it
for $35 so it went on sale for 15 so I'm
really excited this one of my favorite
movies of all time Gene Wilder is great
in it it says high def exclusive 38 page
booklet with photo sing-along lyrics and
more and let's take a look at the back
your golden ticket to the timeless
classic and sparkling blu-ray High
Definition indeed so
let's unwrap this alright guys now that
it's unwrapped let's go ahead and take a
look inside and you've got kind of like
the golden ticket type picture right
there kind of a menacing look at Willy
Wonka played by Gene Wilder he kind of
looks a little creepy there a lot of
information and pictures information on
Gene Wilder most of the characters
what's-his-face Charlie played by Peter
Ostrom a lot of stuff in here
look at that that's pretty cool original
movie poster and here is a song lyrics
for the Candyman and then I've got a
golden ticket balloon pass on one this
is really awesome that they include all
the song lyrics here
a really cool picture of that
information on production and then the
disc itself that is a pretty cool
looking disc and then same as the front
of the book
looks like the golden ticket let's see
and then the back has a slip on it and I
will take that off right now so here is
the slip and here is the back as a
couple of example impose on it the one
that usually gets the most screen time
as him I have no idea what his name is
but he seems to be like the the main new
balloon but that they show in the in the
movie but this is a very cool set this
has a really nice looking spine you can
see it's kind of sparkly and then a
couple things like the lollipops are
kind of sparkly and then the writing
Willy Wonka is a little sparkly this is
a really cool addition thanks for
watching see you later